docs: call_v_from_c example (#15844)
vlang/v: examples/call_v_from_c/README.md

## A simple example to show how to call a function written in v from c

### Compile as a shared library

#### On Linux:

> Step 1: Compile the v code to a shared library using ``v -shared -prod v_test_print.v``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: Compile the v code to a shared library using ``v -shared v_test_print.v``
```

Reviewer: It is better to focus on a single flag at a time.

Reviewer: The `-prod` was needed, only because V would use `gcc` in this case. Forcing it explicitly is clearer, and can let people see how to adapt to other situations/compilers by just substituting gcc everywhere.

Author: Thanks for the information.

Correction done.

Step 2: Compile the c file using ``gcc test_print.c v_test_print.so -o test_print``

Step 3: Run the compiled c file using ``LD_LIBRARY_PATH=. ./test_print``

#### On Windows:

> Step 1: Compile the v code to a shared library using ``v -shared -prod v_test_print.v``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: Compile the v code to a shared library using ``v -cc gcc -shared v_test_print.v``
```

Step 2: Compile the c file using ``gcc test_print.c v_test_print.dll -o test_print.exe``

Step 3: Run the compiled c file using ``test_print.exe``

### Compile as a c file

***Requirements: `libgc` must be installed***

> Step 1: Compile the v code to a shared library using ``v -shared -prod v_test_print.v -o v_test_print.c``  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: Compile the v code to a shared library using ``v -shared -cc gcc -o v_test_print.c v_test_print.v``
```
